---
layout: post
title: "Kylo Bot"
tags: coding
summary: My first discord bot
minute: 5
---

Kylo Bot was my first bot. It was one of a kind, but in a bad way. It kept giving stack traces and many errors. It was for discord and was written using the discord.py wrapper
in python. It was written only using if, elif, and else. It was so long that even Visual Studio Code kept reminding me to stop putting more than 50 lines of code in 1 function.
Here is some part of code.

{% highlight python %}
  @client.event
  async def on_message(message):
    if message.author == client.user:
        return


    if message.content.startswith('happy birthday'):
        response = "happy birthday!"
        await message.channel.send(response)
    
    elif str.lower(message.content) == "$send":
        response = ""
        while response != "$send":
            response = message.content
        await message.channel.send(response)

    elif str.lower(message.content) == '$help':
        e = discord.Embed()
        e.add_field(name = "Commands that you can execute", value = """here are the commands that you can type they are :
                    1) Whenever you wish someone happy birthday it will also respond happy birthday
                    2) Type $help to execute this command which will display the commands that you can execute
                    3) Type $time to show the current time and date
                    4) Type $toss to peform the a coin toss
                    5) Type $date to show current date
                    6) Type $tell me a joke or $tmj to get a random joke from the internet""" , inline = False)
        await message.channel.send(embed=e)

    elif str.lower(message.content) == '$toss':
        response = "Coin tossed"
        await message.channel.send(response)
        TossNum = random.randint(0, 1)
        if TossNum == 0:
            await message.channel.send("Heads")
        else :
            await message.channel.send("Tails")
  
  # About 40 lines more in the same function.

{% endhighlight %}

Hence I scraped it as it ended up throwing errors.

If you want to use it for reference here is the [link][KyloBot] for the git repo.

[KyloBot]: https://github.com/NeoDrags/KyloBot